# My_Languages_exchange
This is a global language exchange social network and can be found @
https://github.com/Garrett-Productions/My_languages_exchange. This projects utiziles all CRUD foundations - This project includes CSS, HTML and Javascript coming from Bootstrap's library. This project is built on the backend with Python, Flask and MySQL. This is a platform where a person can go and create an account within a social networking platform, in the form of a “language Exchange,” to practive with others and find resources to their lamnguages they're practicing. They create a profile, including uploading a photo, creating a bio, adding their personal language skills, goals and contact info. They can keep track of their own progress and they can connect with the other users within the space via a direct messaging system. You can view each users language information in the community page and reach out individually. Also you can seperately view all of each user's posts via the "all posts" page, where user's introduce themselves, share links to videos or resources, or a simple post to reach out to the community to practice a specific language with, etc... Product Backlog - Currently working with/learning about API accessibility to do one-on-one/group video calls directly on the platform. This platform will also include API accessibility to find language teachers and resources across different platforms such as italk.com or verbling.com On each profile page I want to create a “file upload” spot where you can upload a photo, and for example, teaching certificates you've earned, foreign language cert's you've earned, to further "buff up" your bio... for ex) DELE B2 for Spanish. Ex) International ESL certificate
